This file provides a brief explanation of the test files used in IdeaStorm.- Manual Test Template.doc - This is the template that should be used to create all manual test.- Memory Leaks Test.doc – This document provides a test script that aids the developer in checking for memory leak issues.Drawing Engine Tests (folder)- Brush Test.doc – This document provides a test script to test the brushes that are selectable from the toolbar.- Drawing Color Test.doc – This document provides a test script that test the functionality of picking a drawing color.- Drawing Response Test.doc – This document provides a test script to test the response time of drawing both a dot and a line in IdeaStorm.- Drawing Tool Test.doc – This document provides a test script to test the drawing tools that are selectable from the toolbar.- Erase Response Test.doc – This document provides a test script to test the response time of erasing the screen in IdeaStorm.- Quick Switch Button Test.doc – This document provides a test script that test the functionality of the Quick Switch Button.- Tutorial and Rotation Test.doc – This document provides a test script that test the functionality of the Quick Switch Button.Gallery Tests (folder)- Blank Drawing Test – This document provides a test script to test how the drawing engine handles saving when the no drawing is created.- Delete Test – This document provides a test script for deleting a drawing and a stack.- Export Test – This document provides a test script for exporting a drawing to the app user’s camera roll.- Gallery Rotation and Scroll Test – This document provides a test script to test how the gallery handles rotation and scroll events.- Help Test – This document provides a test script to test the functionality of the help button in the gallery.- New Drawing Test – This document provides a test script for add new drawings to a stack.- New Stack Test – This document provides a test script for making a new stack of drawings.- View Test – This document provides a test script for viewing the image of a drawing and viewing the contents of a stack.